You're absolutely right - something else caused the restart. Looking at the process IDs, I can see that:

Validators and fog nodes: PIDs 210-215 (started at 12:02 - original processes)
Facilities: PIDs 1180-1183 (started at 12:07 - restarted processes)
This means only the facilities restarted while validators and fog nodes kept running from the original session. That's very unusual since typically the whole system restarts together.

Let me check the facility logs to see what caused them to crash and restart:


Decided on root cause analysis (8 seconds)
Perfect! I found the exact cause of the restart. You're absolutely right - you didn't click anything. The facilities are crashing automatically due to a critical bug.

The Root Cause:
All facilities are crashing with this error:

Exception in thread Thread-5 (start_next_round):
EOFError: Ran out of input
round_weight = pickle.loads(data)
What's happening:

Facilities complete training round 1 (reach 43%)
They try to get the next round's model from the leader server
Leader server sends corrupted/incomplete data
Facilities crash when trying to deserialize it with pickle.loads()
They automatically restart (new PIDs 1180-1183 vs original 210-215)
Progress goes back to 25% (data download/registration)
They reach 43% again and crash again - infinite loop
The Fix:
The leader server is not properly sending the global model data to facilities. Let me fix the data transmission between leader and facilities:


Searched for "Find the start_next_round function in hierfedclient.py where the EOFError is happening and the leader server code that sends model data"

Determined data deserialization failure point (5 seconds)
Perfect! I found the exact crash location. The error is on line 183 of hierfedclient.py:

round_weight = pickle.loads(data)  # ← EOFError here
The data parameter passed to start_next_round(data) is corrupted or incomplete. Let me fix this by adding proper error handling and checking the Trusted Authority distribution logic:


Decided on facility model distribution (5 seconds)
Great! I've added crash protection to prevent the EOFError from killing facilities. Now let me check the Trusted Authority model distribution to fix the root cause:


Decided on missing endpoint location (6 seconds)
I found the issue! The hierarchical federated learning data flow is broken.

The Problem:

Trusted Authority (TA) tries to send models to /receive_global_model endpoint on facilities
This endpoint doesn't exist in hierfedclient.py (that's why TA gets 404 errors)
Facilities never receive the global model properly
When manually triggered, they get empty/corrupted data and crash